My life is really full of distractions, especially when I'm doing something
important, when I'm doing something that takes a lot of physical
energy, then distractions abound. So for instance, one of the worst
ones, or maybe the best ones, that I found when I was undergrad,
was Netflix, watching movies. There was this time that I would just
watch it day in and day out, and it was really messing up my homework.
Eventually, I came around. How did I come around? I guess a few bad
grades, or maybe one or two projects that you know, really, really
sucked, and then you get your senses. Right now, my biggest distraction
is video games. I'm trying to learn Japanese every day, and I
fail every single day because video games are taking the spot, and it
shouldn't be like that. Another one would be when you have too many
friends, you're sitting there going to bars and drinking and, you
know, kind of chatting. When they ask you to go out with them every
day, then it can be really, very distracting. So in each of these cases,
you just kind of figure out what your purpose is, why you're there,
and then try to get back on track the best you can.